I didn't expect the richest man to live in such a luxurious house
Mom, this will be your home from now on
Your daughter will never let you suffer any grievances again
Madam, this is
This is a gift from my mother's sister-in-law
Mom, make arrangements
Yes, ma'am.
Daughter, if you have something to do, you can get busy first.
Mom, I do have something to send Mom to you
Yes, ma'am.
I accompany your mother
If you have anything to order, just send it. Okay.
Go ahead.
old lady
Madam found you for all these years
Really try my best
He firmly believes that you will come back
So at different times
We will find many teachers to teach us to recognize sign language
It is convenient to communicate with you in the future.
Old lady, how do you arrange it for sister-in-law?
Arrange to see how I get hurt
How dare you come home with me, you bitch
What is your purpose?
Why did you hit me?
This is my house.
I can fight if I want
You take him to clean the toilet
Give him the dirtiest and most tiring work
That's not good, ma'am.
I am the wife's biological mother
Take him down soon
Don't let him appear in front of my daughter in the future
It's the old lady
Ouch oops
Pretending to be dumb is exhausting me
This is simply too luxurious
This will be my home from now on
Oh yes I have to see
See how my house is doing
The paternity test report takes 3 days
At that time, I will go out in person and dream of you. Don't worry.
I will definitely help you find your biological mother
No, thank you.
Are they suspecting me?
I have to figure out a way to get that bitch away quickly